Add Browser tests with Dusk (#55)
wmde/wikidata-mismatch-finder: docs/README.md

  Time:   0.16s
```

## Browser Testing <a id="browser-testing"></a>

> The app uses [Laravel Dusk](https://laravel.com/docs/8.x/dusk) as the Browser testing framework. Dusk uses a ChromeDriver installation, which means you should install [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) to run the tests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app uses [Laravel Dusk](https://laravel.com/docs/8.x/dusk) as the Browser testing framework. Dusk uses a ChromeDriver installation, since we are using [Laravel Sail](https://laravel.com/docs/8.x/sail#laravel-dusk), a standalone chrome installation is included in the docker setup. 
```

> To run all the browser tests run in the root folder of the project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run all the browser tests:
```
